It the last video we went ahead and created our index each team l file.
We brought in all the style sheets we need javascript's from Foundation and so on.
So now what I want to do is continue on building some of the inner page some of the inner age HTML pages
.
So go ahead and create a new document.
We're going to call it about each team.
And this is just going to represent the inner pages of our WordPress theme.
All right so open that up and let's just copy what we have in our index.
HDMI I'll just paste that in.
OK.
Now we're going to leave most of this the top bar the header.
Let's see four.
We're going to get rid of these articles.
Actually you know we'll keep one of them and get rid of the other two.
All right we don't need this clear fix either.
We do need the footer.
OK.
Now right below the header.
We're going to have a title section
so we're going to give us a class of title section
and let's put a paragraph here with a class
of say class of welcome or welcome text.
And what does what I'm doing here is this if we go to our WordPress site and we go to about we're going
to have this bar right here.
So this will just say welcome to.
And then we'll have an H-1 say about us and then I'm going to paste in a paragraph here with some dummy
text and it's going to have a class of subtext.
All right so that's the title bar and then down here we're going to have two columns.
OK we're going to have the sidebar and then the main area.
So let's create a div with the class of row
and then we need our column divs.
So we're going to save div class large 8
columns
and then we're going to have large four columns.
OK so this here is going to be the main area.
So what I'm going to do is copy this whole article section and we're going to paste that in here.
OK.
Instead of the class of post-Reagan we give it a class of single page.
All right.
And then let's see we're not going to need
the date.
CAREY So just have an H three paragraph let me just paste in another one.
OK we're not going to need this read more.
We're not going to have this post image carries so that should be the end of the article.
And then the for column div.
We're going to put the div with the class of wow.
Right.
And then there we're going to have to divide the class of the sidebar widget.
And there'll be a sidebar widget div on every widget that we put in.
All right.
So let's put each three
and then we'll put them paste in the list
.
And then we will have underneath that will have another side bar where
you just indent these
.
And then this one will be archives
and will just say May 2016.
All right so now I have to sidebar widgets and that should be good so save that and go back to our template
if we could about cases that are about page with no styling.
Now we'll move onto the gallery page
so it's the.
We're going to create a new file here and we're going to call this gallery dog HDMI out and open that
with Sublime Text.
And then let's just put in everything from the About page copy that whole thing and then paste it in
.
All right.
And let's start with the title section which is right here and we're going to change this to gallery
.
All right.
And then down here we're going to get rid of this whole row
which ends here.
OK even the sidebar.
And then we're going to just paste in this section save it.
OK.
Actually let's just do three.
Or do three images.
OK so that's our gallery and you can see we already have the hover effect because we're using the hover
dots SS classes.
Ok so now for the blog page
.
Open that up
and we'll just copy what we have a copy that we have in gallery.
OK.
So we just want to change title to blog and then this whole section we're going to get rid of the gallery
and then paste in a blog post so it's an article with the class of blog post.
We have a row and then we have our thumbnail then we have a div with the class of Metta.
This is going to have the user name the day things like that.
And we're also using fun awesome icons here.
Then we have the title which also has a link to the single blog post.
Then we have the content and that's it.
So let's copy that article or post and paste it in two more times and we'll just change.
Let's go to the second one.
You know change the age to the image to post to Jay peg.
And then the third post will change the image to post three.
All right.
And then we'll go and take a look at that.
And there's our blog.
OK.
Now for the single HDMI all we need to create that that's for the single blog post view.
And I know it can be some extra work to basically create the entire site in just HDMI out.
But once you get to the world actually programming the Wordpress theme it makes things a lot easier
.
You can just take the style sheet and just paste it in.
You don't have to worry about that stuff.
Maybe some touch ups at the end but I think in the long run it makes things a lot easier.
All right so let's copy what we have in about each team and I think that would be the closest and we
will paste that in and single.
OK.
And let's go to where we have the top the title section and this will just be the name of the post.
I'll just say one post one.
This will be an excerpt from The Post.
And then down here let's change the class to a single blog post
and then we're going to we can get rid of this
post description div..
We don't need that.
OK what we want here now is the image.
So I'll say div class post-lunch now
and in here we're going to have our image tag
in and underneath that will have our Metta image going to paste that in.
OK so same thing we just have a well with the user name the date and the categories and then we have
our title here than the content.
And that should do it.
We have the sidebar in here as well.
So let's save that and go to single aged him now.
And it should look like that.
All right.
So we have all of our pages now.
It's it looks horrendous but we don't have any styling yet.
So that's what we'll be doing in the next part.